README - macOS installation, validating installation (#385)
guillaume-be/rust-bert: README.md

$Env:Path += ";X:\path\to\libtorch\lib"
```

#### macOS + Homebrew
```bash
brew install pytorch jq
export LIBTORCH=$(brew --cellar pytorch)/$(brew info --json pytorch | jq -r '.[0].installed[0].version')
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${LIBTORCH}/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```

### Automatic installation

Alternatively, you can let the `build` script automatically download the `libtorch` library for you. The `download-libtorch` feature flag needs to be enabled.
The CPU version of libtorch will be downloaded by default. To download a CUDA version, please set the environment variable `TORCH_CUDA_VERSION` to `cu118`.
Note that the libtorch library is large (order of several GBs for the CUDA-enabled version) and the first build may therefore take several minutes to complete.

### Verifying installation

> Verify your installation (and linking with PyTorch) by cloning the rust-bert source and running an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify your installation (and linking with libtorch) by adding the `rust-bert` dependency to your `Cargo.toml` or by cloning the rust-bert source and running an example:
```
